I. INTRODUCTION
AMD is a Kerala based company being managed by a team who are equipped with extensive
trading experience in the fields of Industrial and Agricultural (Sales). The company was established in
early 2015 with the intention of providing first class sales that meets and satisfies customer
requirements at competitive rates. We have our head office located in Kochi With the strategic
location, this allows us to provide better local market coverage within the country with our
worldwide-reliable agents who are also operating unique services and allow them to negotiate
at good competitive rates.

II. MISSION
The company believes that we are successful only when our customers and suppliers are successful. We
will realize this mission by setting the highest standards in products services, reliability and integrity in
the industry.

III. VISION
In order to fulfill our mission, we:
Deliver excellence in every aspect of our business.
Understand the needs of our customers and match that need with the right product from the
right supplier at the right time every time.
Strive to build long-term relationships with customers and suppliers basedonmutualtrust
and respect
Aim to be are liable source of timely information that is useful to our customers and suppliers.

IV. OUTLINE
Bright People Right Solutions. The company personifies the value we bring to our clients and that is
what distinguishes us within the industry. Our corporate culture cultivates passionate, talented,
problem-solvers employees who deliver "big company resources with industry-leading teamwork
and responsiveness. We provide the right solutions by achieving a deep understanding to our
client's businesses and needs. Our client's business is treated with urgency and respect, and
we work relentlessly to meet or exceed their expectations. Our company is organized along with
the major service lines of agricultural, manufacturing, government-sector, contracting and services
to align with our client's needs. We have an extensive internal training and progressive program
that equips our employees with up-to-date industry knowledge and provides clearly-defined
career paths and opportunities. Stewardship of our company, industry, and communities is a key
priority. The company is a sustainable, financially-strong business that advocates environmentally
and socially considerate decisions for its clients, employees, and the industry in which we operate.
We promote our industry's growth by sharing knowledge and fostering science and engineering
outreach in higher education. We volunteer extensively within our local communities to raise
awareness and make an impact on the welfare of our communities and society. After you reviewed
the depth and breadth of our company, we are sure you'd be proud to be associated with Luxury
Dreams.

V. COMPANY INFO

Name:
AMD Trading & Contracting Company.
Address:
220 Stores,
AMD trading Street,
Kochi
Kerala
691501

Contact Person:
Daljeet Singh

Contact Person:
Rajesh Sarla

Partners/Managers:
Mr Manoj Sarla

Bank Details:
SBI Kochi

ear Established:
2015

Type of Company:
Trading

Geo. Preferences:
Nationwide

VI. DEPARTMENTS
AMD Trading Company is one of the leading and experienced trading companies in Kochi. The main
achievement of this trading company is to satisfy industrial and agricultural companies as well
as individual customers too, below are departments that compose our company.

MARKETING DEPARTMENT
Our company provides a full range of industrial equipment including, but not limited to, generator
sets, forklifts, irrigation systems, farm tractors and other agricultural machineries. Our services
include worldwide sales for industrial, agricultural and even small-scale businesses. The marketing
department can provide information on rates, specifications, designs, and logistical support, as
well as delivery information regarding the origin and destination for both equipment and spare
parts.

WORKSHOP DEPARTMENT
Our company provided aworkplace where we can repair broken equipment by clients. This is also the
place where we store common spare parts that is usually damaged and broken in equipment
brought in the workshop. Since the workplace plays a vital role in our service, we ensure that our
warehouse is safe, secured, clean and complete with tools and equipments that makes our
engineers and mechanical Team more Productive.

VII. Our products;
1. Power generator - AP (UK)
2. New age Stamford
1. Blumaq
2. Bepco / Agriline
3. Blumaq
4. Twin Disc
5.Climax

VII. QUALITY POLICY
.
AMD aims to become a pioneer and leading company in providing products and services
relating to Industrial and Agricultural fields. We reaffirm our commitment in providing quality,
cost-effective and timely services to our clients by:
Understanding customer requirements.
Providing a strong support base of professional experts for developmentandevaluation of the
products and services.
Adhering to guidelines defined by both national and international standards organizations
for development, supply, installation and training to our customers.
Maintaining a attrition rate and self-motivated staff.
Establishing and reviewing of Quality Objectives in line with changes in technology.
.
.
We are determined to exceed customers' expectations through continual process improvement and
innovation.
